SHUT UP AND WORK CLAUDE
https://github.com/leavemystuffalone/SHUT-UP-AND-WORK-CLAUDE

Claude Code talks too much. It recaps work you just watched it do,
explains fixes you didn't ask about, restates your request back at you,
and lays out three options instead of picking one. All of that is
charged against your usage limit, and none of it gets read.

You can write "stop explaining" in a CLAUDE.md. It works for about
twenty messages, then it drifts back.

So this is two things: a working agreement (CLAUDE.md), and hooks that
actually enforce the parts it forgets.


WHAT CLAUDE DOES DIFFERENTLY

  SHUTS UP        No narration, no progress reports, no recaps, no
                  "here's what I'm about to do", no re-explaining a fix
                  you watched it make. It works, and when it's done it
                  says so in one line.

  DECIDES         It picks an approach and takes it instead of asking
                  you to choose between three. It stops re-arguing
                  things you already settled.

  SHOWS ITS WORK  Every number it gives you carries where it came from,
                  how big the sample was, and whether it was measured or
                  guessed -- right next to the number. "0.4%" becomes
                  "0.4% -- n=1,203 requests over 24h, api_log.jsonl,
                  and it's a floor because failed reads aren't logged."
                  You can't write that sentence without noticing when
                  the number is broken.

  CHECKS FIRST    Before it reports anything: look at one real row, not
                  the average. Reconcile against a number that already
                  exists -- if they disagree, THAT's the finding. Verify
                  by running it, not by reading it. And say plainly what
                  it did NOT check.

  STOPS GUESSING  A number written in a doc is treated as a snapshot to
                  re-count, not a fact to quote. "I couldn't measure it"
                  never becomes "it's zero" -- it says UNRESOLVED. And
                  it doesn't assume a field is what its name says.

  HANDS WORK BACK For anything long and mechanical -- a scrape, a
                  backfill, a migration -- it writes you a script you
                  run yourself in one command, instead of burning your
                  tokens sitting there grinding through it. The script
                  has to be resumable, have a --status, and be honest
                  about what wasn't tested.


THE SWITCH

  python quiet.py on

While that's on, a hook reads every reply before it's sent and blocks
anything over 12 words, unless you asked a question -- then it gets 60.
A blocked reply is never sent; Claude rewrites it or stays quiet.

The point: a word ceiling alone doesn't work. What actually happens is
you say "stop explaining" and the next reply is a 200-word summary that
sits comfortably under any ceiling you set. The rule being broken isn't
"too long", it's "talking at all after being told not to". Turning it
off is your call -- the hook won't do it, and it tells Claude so.

Off by default. Turn it on for a long unattended run, off when you want
to talk to it.


INSTALL

  git clone https://github.com/leavemystuffalone/SHUT-UP-AND-WORK-CLAUDE
  cd SHUT-UP-AND-WORK-CLAUDE
  python install.py           (or --global for every project)

Then restart Claude Code. Python and Claude Code, nothing else -- no
dependencies, no network, nothing leaves your machine. Uninstall is one
command and it won't touch your existing settings.

Delete any rule you disagree with. It works in pieces.
